---
title: A reflection in College as a Computer Engineering Student
publishDate: 2024-01-25T13:43:33.364Z
description: A reflection on my life in college as a computer engineering student
author: fujiwaracj
coverImage: ./2024-01-25-reflection-on-college-engineering-student.jpeg
coverImageAlt: A dark and gritty area where there is a man standing in the center with light shining. (generated by AI)
draft: false
keywords:
  - college
  - computer engineer
slug: reflection-college-computer-engineering-student
---

In my three years as a computer engineer student, I have experienced the
most amount of emotions just this year because of the overwhelming tasks
that were presented to us.

I am a programmer by heart, and not an engineer, I realized this because
there is a difference between an engineer and a programmer for me.

But I'll consider this as a rite of passage through someone who is in
college and the reason why is to actually prepare for the real world
where it is much more unforgiving and can actually affect you in the
future, and slowly, I am feeling this with every passing day as I reach
my dreams of getting a degree and becoming a software engineer.

It feels like that, slowly, my expectations about myself keeps getting
higher and higher as a student and as a member of society that will
contribute to the future of humanity.

Will I succeed on this career? Will I actually graduate in the first
place? These were one of the few questions that haunt me every night as
a student in between graduation.

Will I graduate as good computer engineer? Will I use the concepts
that our computer engineer program taught us or showed us?

All of these really affected my mental health and I am currently
recovering as the first semester has ended, My goal for this semestral
break is to be a better student and programmer at the same time.

I'll be learning about to get on how to get better at learning
especially concepts since I was too focused on learning practically that
I forgot as a college student that I will also have to learn some
important concepts where there won't be any programming or anything
practical involved.

My performance for this semester hasn't been the best and I got
really bad grades, I want to be more consistent now and make myself
proud and be better overall, cheers to this year and let this be
the best year that I will experience!

College life is difficult since you are broke and you can't do much
or maybe that is just me, but for me as a computer engineering student
who is at best average level.

I am not that fond of getting a part time job at the moment since I
want to be able to be organized first and use my time better so I
can be successful in both education and as a programmer.
