export const meta = {
  title: 'Devlog.One â€” Modern, Blazingly fast!',
  description:
    'This is the first entry of my devlog series, this is for me to retain my knowledge about what I learned about programming, I wanna do a weekly series of this if possible.',
  publishedDate: '2022-06-16',
  topics: ['devlog'],
  draft: false,
};

Being able to start a project and finish it when you are a beginner is tough,
especially in web development because the trends can change a lot in just a
year.

That being said, I always try to avoid to try out the latest and greatest
technologies and stick to the industry gold standard as much as possible; But
there is always that itch to try out what is new and figuring out if it could
potentially be the next big thing that could topple the one that is currently at
the top.

And that is good because competition is always good, this is where innovation is
born and where we move forward as a community. There always needs to be the next
big thing for people to be interested on and for the community to learn from.

Anyways, now that I have that out of my head, I wanted to write about
[Marathon], the app that I am currently developing that is currently going
through developer hell because of me not being able to decide what to make out
of it. Initially, it was inspired by [MyAnimeList] which is basically a way for
people to track their progress on the shows that they are watching but I wanted
to expand it to be more than just animes, I wanted it to cover different genres
of media like reality shows, etc.

But instead of finishing the project like a normal programmer, I decided to play
with other technologies, and using the project as a way to test these tech.

This is one of the few normal moments of a programmer, the itch to be able to
try out something new, which is normal to any kind of person who has been
working on something with that same "thing" in a long time.

But that is okay, a software engineer shouldn't stop learning as there is always
and will always be something new to learn and that is the fun part of
programming! I personally do not get bored with the new technologies,
programming languages, frameworks, libraries to try.

My way of being able to moderate this urge is to realize to myself that:

1. These are not widely adapted yet
2. Not mature enough to be able to say it is ready to be deployed to production.
3. Potentially has bugs that could be annoying to deal with!

So, this is why sometimes, we have to lay back, think about these three; and
start working at our project again!

## References:

- [Marathon]

- [MyAnimeList]

[marathon]: https://marathon-preview.vercel.app
[myanimelist]: https://myanimelist.net/
